SPRING BOOT AOP (Aspect Oriented Programming)
AOP is not a replacement for OOP.
AOP complements OOP
What are trying to solve with AOP?
We are trying to resolve "Cross Cutting Concerns"


We put log statements to track errors when necessary
for ex in service:
    public void updateJob(JobPost jobPost) {
        //logg
        //sec
        //validation
        //exception
        //too many lines of code needed
        repo.save(jobPost);
    }

well, how can we resolve this complex code
-> creating a seperate class where we do ALL those processings (CROSS CUTTING CONCERNS)
-> but we wanna call those processing for every method update, add and delete etc
-> so these are our cross cutting concerns
-> what if we did not have to call it?
-> we can do it with AOP

the idea is how can we keep our cross cutting concerns in a seperate class and someone should
call it for us
we can do this for loggin cross-cutting concern, exception cross-cutting concern, performance monitoring


after understanding this we need to look at some terms and concepts (theoratical stuff)

Aspect:A modularization of a concern that cuts accross multiple classes.
Transaction management is a good example of a crosscutting concern in enterprise
java apps. In Spring AOP, aspects are implemented by using regular classes(the schema based approach)
or regular class annotated with @Aspect annotation.

Join point: A point during the execution of a program, such as the execution of a method or the
handling of an exception. In Spring AOP, a join point always represents a method execution

Advice: Action taken by an aspect at a particular join point. Different types of advice
include "aroun", "before" and "after" advice. Many AOP frameworks, including Spring,
model an advice as an interceptor and maintain a chain of interceptors around the join
point

Pointcut: A predicate that matches join points. Advice is associated with a pointcut
experssion and runs at any join point matched by the pointcut (for example, the execution
of a method with a certain name). The concept of join points as matched by pointcut expressions
is central to AOP, and Spring uses Aspectj pointcut expression by default

Introduction: Declaring additional methods or fields on behalf of a type. Spring AOP
lets you introduce new interfaces (and a corresponding implementatişon) to any
advised object. For example, you could use an introduction to make a bean implement an
"IsModified" interface, to simplify caching

Target object: An object being advised by one or more aspects. Also referred
to as the "advised object". Since Spring AOP is implemented by using runtime proxies,
this object is always a proxied object

AOP proxy: An object created by the AOP framework in order to implement aspect contracts
(advice method executions and so on). In the Spring Framework, an AOP proxy is a
JDK dynamic proxy or a CGLIB proxy

Weaving: Linking aspects with other application types or objects to create an advised object.
This can be done at compile time (using the Aspectj compiler, for example), load time, or at runtime.
Spring AOP, like other pure Java AOP frameworks, performs weaving at runtime

Spring AOP includes following types of advice:

Before advice: Advice that runs before a join point but that does not
have the ability to prevent execution flow proceeding to the join point
(unless it throws an exception).

After returning advice: Advice to be run after a join point
completes normally (for example, if
a method returns without throwing an exception).

After throwing advice: Advice to be run if a method exits by
throwing an exception.

After (finally) advice: Advice to be run regardless of the means by which
a join point exits (normal or exceptional return).

Around advice: Advice that surrounds a join point such as a method invocation.
This is the most powerful kind of advice. Around advice can perform custom
behavior before and after the method invocation. It is also responsible
for choosing whether to proceed to the join point or to shortcut the
advised method execution by returning its own return value or throwing
an exception.
